uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar14 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar13 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar14 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar13 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // vehicleturrettest
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // vehicleturrettest
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
uVar9 = {"[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", "[doubled result, dropped if not asigned]", GET_CAM_COORD( uVar8 )}; // startup
