return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // lev_startup
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // payne_deathmatch
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // payne_gangwars
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // lev_startup
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // payne_deathmatch
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // payne_gangwars
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // lev_startup
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // payne_deathmatch
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // payne_gangwars
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // lev_startup
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // payne_deathmatch
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // payne_gangwars
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // lev_startup
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // payne_deathmatch
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // payne_gangwars
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // lev_startup
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // payne_deathmatch
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // payne_gangwars
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // lev_startup
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // payne_deathmatch
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // payne_gangwars
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // payne_deathmatch
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // payne_gangwars
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // startup
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // payne_deathmatch
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // payne_gangwars
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // lev_startup
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // payne_deathmatch
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // payne_gangwars
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // lev_startup
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // payne_deathmatch
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // payne_gangwars
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // lev_startup
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // payne_deathmatch
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // payne_gangwars
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // lev_startup
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // payne_deathmatch
return SEV_ID_TO_INDEX( uParam0 ); // payne_gangwars
